Do you want subtitles for any video?-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-- Are we alone?- Debbie.Come on, girl.Are we just one of a kind,one paralleled rarity ina universe of nothing?Our universe has beenaround 70,000 times longerthan we have.Come on girl, come on.Where the hell did you go?I need to focus.


One false move, and uhtheoretically I couldturn into dark matteror I simply turn to dust.I'd rather not find out.Damn it.Debbie?- People are scared.There's been over 300 Sightings.NASA's got involved now.- I don't know ifyou can hear it here.There's a whirring noiseand I've seen shit in the skythat does not looklike any helicopteror airplane I'veever fucking seen.


- Westarted receiving reportsabout three weeks ago,and NASA was able to confirmwhat they were seeing,which is an unidentified objectcoming slowly towardsearth's orbit.- And if there isa UFO up there,we don't know what it is.- We see these things withor without the cameras.They're here, it's a fact.What are we doing about this?- This traveled lightyears to get to us,meaning that whatever we do,we're already behind the ball.- You see me and my familythink that this is a signfrom them, that us, the chosenones, will soon be elevated.- Not to be that guy.I know we're allscared right now,but I am reallyfreaking out, okay?- There's no reason to panic.We've not seen any evidencethat the object is hostile.- We have things careeningtowards this planet.- Basically just kind ofgetting out of the cityas soon as I can.I don't really know whatthe fuck's going on.I don't know what y'allmotherfuckers are doing,but if you're watching this,you should probably tryto get out of the city.- NASA is continuingto investigateand we will address the publicwith any findings we maycome across as we proceed.- And whetherit's the Chinese,whether it's aliensor whatever the hell it is,we need to take charge.We need to win.- Well Iwould caution anyoneagainst the idea of winningand losing in this situation.I think the most important thingthat we can all dois just to stay calm.There's no reason to panic.We've not seen any evidencethat the object is hostile.- We have thingscareening towards this planetand you're tellingus to just stay calm?Take a few deep breaths?Is this a yoga class?No, this is real life.We need to takesome action here.We need to stand up anddefend this country.Defend this planet.Take the lead here aswe have always donethroughout the historyof this country.- You know I willalways give you the truth.If I'm right, I'lltell you I'm right.If I'm wrong, I willtell you I'm wrong.I was wrong on this one, folks.It does appear thatthere are objects...Hey, this is Chloe.Please leave messageand I'll call you back.- Hey uh, sorry Imissed your call.I'm just in themiddle of something.Um, can you call back, please?I wanna talk to Benny and you.Right, um, talk to you soon.- These thingsare coming toward the globe.At this point, what are yougonna do about it, doctor?- All right...- Hey stranger.How long you been here?- About an hour. You?- Just got in last night.- See you made yourself at home.- So things must becrazy for you right nowwith all the UFO alien stuff.- Probably wouldbe if I had a job.Funding got cut off.- Damn Casey, I'm sorry.- They're more interestedin focusing on weaponsdevelopment, your territory.- Right.It really has been a long time.I got out like three years ago.- Oh. Well that's good, right?Hey, how's Chloe?- She uh- we splitabout two years ago.- Oh, sorry um, Benny?- Well, he's not here.I- he's, he's good.He just turned 10 last week.He's super smart.- When's the last timeyou talked to dad?- I don't remember. You?- Maybe a year.God I didn't evenknow he was missing.- Yeah, me neither.Just got the paperfrom down the road.- Yeah, I saw.- It just, madeit real, you know?This house is so oldit's been making noisessince I got here.- It's gonna need a lot ofwork if anyone's gonna buy it.- So you wanna sell it?- Don't you?I mean, we could bothuse the money, right?- How long youplanning on staying?- I don't know.The police foundno trace of him?Wanna look around here.See what dad wasworking on, you know?- Well knock yourself out.- Okay. You wannago find one more?- No I gotta leaveearly tomorrow.- What? Why?- When I get back.- Okay- Are you sureyou're good to drive?- Yes, I'm fine to drive.- You sure?- Stop, I'm fine.- We can call a car you know?- Yeah, I was born to drive.Sit back and putyour seatbelt on.- Oh baby.- Soover the last monththere's also been some seismicactivity that's going on.A lot of earthquakes.A lot of peoplelost their homes.- Uh wellPenelope, I'm not a geologist.My heart obviously goes outto those who have losttheir lives and their homes-- You love it, don't you?- I do.The fuck? What happened?What is that?- I have no fucking clue.Hang on.- No, baby.- No, no, no.Just stay there.- Ugh, my phone.Goddamn it.Kevin? Kevin?Kevin.Kevin. Kevin get in the car.Kevin, get in the car.Are you okay?- Yeah, I'm fine.- What happened?- I don't know.- Or maybe I should drive.- Peacekeepers,man. You hear me?Not peacekeeper.No, no, no.Peacekeepers, with an S.Freaking' Trident IIs, man.Look around.We're in the middleof nowhere, man.You see any fucking water?No.Where the hell are you gonnahide to submarine, man?You hear me, Danny?- Yeah, I hear you.Just not my problem anymore.- Yeah, I guess, man.Anyway, how thingsgoing out there, huh?You feeling any better?- Not really. ButCasey showed up today.She wants to sell the place.- Really?Well, is it worth anything?- Probably not.- Well tell her shecan go eat shit then.Huh, how about that?I mean, think about that.You know, she goes MIAon you for three yearsand then comes backand thinks she can walk on inand tell you what to do?No, no, nah, no way.Fuck that. It doesn'twork that way.- Hey. Can I come in?- Mikey, I gotta go.I'll call you back.Tell Stacey hi for me.- Is that Benny?He's so grown up.- Yeah, that's about allI see of him anymore.- What happened?- After Chloe and I gotmarried and Benny was born,we're living on base,I got into an accident.I guess some thingsup here got scrambled.They discharged me early.After that things got dark.It's all still alittle hazy to me,but, she split and-- Are you okay, like physically?- Fine now, I just getthese mean headaches.I forget things a lot.- Sounds like dad.- Yeah, at leasthe could rememberthe things that he wanted to.Kinda like someone else I know.- That's fair.- You know, I triedcalling, a lot.- Yep, I know.I uh, just got so busy. Sorry.- Busy?Look, if you wannasell the house,I'm not gonna try and stop you.But you know, I-I haven'thad a stable living situationand this place is likean hour from Chloeand Benny could comehere on the weekendsand I don't know.- Maybe you're right.When I was lookingthrough dad's things,I swear I could feelhim there, his presence.He's still here insome way or anotheror not totally gone.If that makes any sense.Anyway I just lost my job.No money, nowhere to go.So I guess you'restuck with me, for now.- Night.- Morning.- Morning. How'd you sleep?- Shitty.- I feel that.- I think we shouldlook for him.Dan, dad was workingon something.What if he found something thathe wasn't supposed to find?We can't just give up that easy.I mean, what do you think?- I think dad is exactlywhere he is supposed to be.- Where are you going?- Gotta run some errands.- Morning handsome.- What happened last night?- We drank way too much.Got kicked outtaMaggie's Tavern.- Did I drive.- A little bit.Hey, so I'm goingto my sister's todaybut I'll be back tomorrow, okay?- Shit. That's right.- You gonna miss me?- Yeah.- You gonna make it?- Yeah. This goddamn hangover.- Shit. ShitWhat do you have going on today?- I'm gonna go to Jason's.- Well, we left ourtab open last nightif you're going to Maggie's- Yeah. No we're not.But I can get it for you.- Thank you.- Jamie, is that you?- What? I can't hear you.Are you all right?Do you hear that?What was that?- Hm? Was that- Ididn't hear you, I-- Sounded like a earthquake.- Yeah. I dropped something.- Do you remember that thingin the road last night?- You know, I'm sorry.I don't think I remembereverything right now.Just my head's a little-just a really bad hangover.- Okay.Well can you make sure you stillget the card from Maggie's?- The what?- Card, from Maggie's.- Yeah. Yes, I can-I can get the cardfrom Maggie's.- Hold on, hold on.We have a quote fromthe NASA administrator,Frances Peterson.She says thatwhatever is out there,whether it be benign-- Believe this shit?- I dunno.- Attention whores tryingto create some steamon the internet.Another one?- Yeah.- It's all adistraction you know.It's how it starts.You're busy looking upand they're stealingour rights down belowand no one caresbecause they're afraid ofsome made up horseshit.- Maybe.- Hey Kevin, how you feeling?You were in rareform last night,you here for your card?- Yeah, thank you.- She's a treasurebut she knows nothingabout the militaryand our capabilities.Honestly saying that-- Ethan actually beforeyou close that out,I will take onemore beer please.- Little Doggy here for you.You got it.- Thank you very much.- What's that?- Thank you.- You okay, man?- Yeah I'm good, how you doing?Where the fuck are you Bradach.- Wait, did youjust say Bradach?- I'm sorry it's late.Thanks for the beer.- Asshole left his card again.- Let me ask you a question.Do you know a guynamed Ian Bradach?- Ian Bradach. Yeah.Old guy, cops camein looking for him.Think I read in thenews he passed. Why?- Just wondering. Readabout him in the paper.- Don'tcare about light years.They care about this year.- Itcould be a drone you know,from some kid intheir neighborhoodcould be a bird.- So you're sayingwe don't need to be prepared?- Beprepared for what?- It couldbe colonizing us.It could be coming totake over our world.What are you doing toprepare us for us for this?I mean,again,we don'teven know what that is out there- Where the fuckdid that come from?- No, no, no.I'm just saying like our,our cones in our eyes,like they're not very strong.Like, you know, we createtechnology in this worldso that we can really see thingsthat we personally can'tsee with a naked eye.So we have, youknow, radar and sonarand other technology out thereto help us see things that-- Bradach.What?Where is Bradach?I dunno who the hellBradach is, man.Bradach.Where is Bradach?I don't Know.Stay out of my head man. Stop.I'm a nice guy, just-- Looks like somethingexploded in here.- Look at this stuff.Dad must have beenworking on something huge.- Yeah, it's kinda spooky.- That's why I have the trident.- That's a pitch fork.- Whatever.- Now you're smoking again?What's wrong with you?So I was lookingover dad's notes.I came out here, hackedinto his computerand I found a wholebunch of video diaries,all about what he was doing.- Oh, you hacked in.- I guessed the password.- And what was it?- My birthday.- Right.- Dan, I think that thiscould have something to dowith everything else going on.The UFO's, all of it.- That's great.Have fun with that.- Hey thereyou reached Kevin.Uh please leave amessage after the beepand I'll get back to you.- Hey Kevin it'sJason. What the hell?Was to meet you at six.All right I'm coming over.Actually, I'm already here.See you in a second asshole.Kev-O, Kevin.All right I'm comingin. Don't shoot me.Kev? Yoh!Oh, you watching TV.Okay. Missed me for TV, huh?Better be something good.I heard that Pam's gota great special offeron pelicans right now.Swear to God.Why you by yourself?Kev? Kev.- I was watching.- Oh shit.Thought you were deadman. What happened to you?- That's a funny question.Hilarious actually.All the things aroundus that we don't know,that we don't see.Makes me laugh.- Kevin? Kevin?You don't look so good. You-Gotta get you toa hospital, okay?- It's not important. It'sthe beginning of the end.You know that, right?- Kev I don't knowwhat you're onbut you gotta snapout of it, okay?- And you are?- Seriously? It'sme. It's Jason.- Jason.There is a human, Bradach.I must find this man.- Let me get yousome water, okay.Kev, Kevin.Breaking my arm, Kev.Kevin.- So you don't know him?- I don't know what thehell you're talking about.Oh, jeez. Fuck.Kevin, Kevin, please.- The fuck did you do?- It was necessary.- No it was not necessary.It was not necessary.Get out of my fucking head man.Hey, this is Chloe.Please leave messageand I'll call you back.- Hey, just hoping to catch youbefore you guys went to bed.I guess I missed you.Gimme a call back please.- The date today isApril 11th, 2022.It was a modeststep forward today.For the first time Ibelieve I was able toformally measure the actualgravitational abnormalitiesthat I've been noticing.The center of which isapproximately 1.2 kilometersnorth of the housewhere the law of universalgravitation simply-Well, it just doesn't work.What does work however,is what I'm tentatively callingBradach's law of dark matter.- Hey youhear that humming?- Yeah.You might wanna see this.- I gotta go look.- Hold on, hold on.- What?- I'm coming with.Please tell we're notabout to see an alien.- I dunno.- What are you doing?- Getting a closer look.- Casey, get back in the car.Casey.Casey.- Dan, Dan. Dan.Hey, you're up.- What happened?- Good question.How's your head?- Not great.- So I'm stilltrying to figure outwhat dad was doing out there.I found this machine.- Hey Casey.We gotta stop, okay.- Dan it's dad's work.- Right. It's hiswork and he's gone.We've gotta move on.- I'm glad you're okay.- After recording itfor the past 12 months.I've discovered thatamazingly there is a pattern,almost like Morse code.And despite my desireto stay grounded,the thought of communicatingwith other worldsdoes cross my mind.I dunno. Maybe thisis something else.We'll see.Hey this is Chloe.Please leave a message.- Hey.You all right?- Yeah.- I'm gonna reheat somepizza. You want some?- No, I'm good. Thank you.- Kevin. What happened in there?- What happened here?This world is so goddamn hot.- Are you okay?- Do you know this man?- Well, I- who?I don't know whatyou're talking about.- I said do you know this man?- Oh my God. Kevinwhat happened to you.- Jamie. Find this man.- I dunno what you're-Kevin, we have to getyou outta here right now.- Jamie?- Yeah?- So much has happenedthat you don't know.- You need a doctor.- It's too late forthat. Doesn't matter.- Kevin. I love you.Okay. Just- justlet me help you.- You can help meby finding this man.- I, I think, I think thathe might, might be dead.- No.- Kevin, I don't knowwhat you're saying.Are you saying he's still alive?I, I don't-- It is crucial that youfind this man for me.- Okay. If you really thinkthat he can help you, I will.- Great?- Find him.- Decipher the signalsand follow the instructionsquite thoroughly,will all thisamount to anything?Will we make first contact?We must and they mustbe met with peace.This file. This virus.I hope guarantees that.My colleague Dr. HenryLyman and I spoke at lengthabout the great filterand its imminent arrival.My biggest regret......is if I am in any wayresponsible.- Daniel, Daniel- Case, is that you?Casey.- Daniel.- Hey, Hey.- Daniel.- Daniel.- Case, is that you?Casey.- Casey, wake up, wake up Casey.Hey. Hey, Hey.Wake up, wake up Casey.- Daniel. Daniel.- What are you doing?Dan? Give me the knife?Are you okay?- Yeah.- I think you were sleepwalking.I know they say never towake someone up during their-- Casey, stop.Stop for a second.- So first thesymbol on the porch,which you're sayingthat you did.Then the one on the tablewhich I saw you doing?- I don't remember doing that.- Is there anything thatcould have caused you to-- Casey. I felt him there.Dad, his presence.Just like you said beforethat he was in the house.Did you find anything inthe barn that could have-Okay. That's it?A thumb drive?- Let's plug it in.- What's that?- Virtual basic filecould be anything.- Wait, stop. Dad wasclearly hiding this.Probably for a reason.Maybe we should be alittle more careful.- You're right. Sorry.- I have now beenreceiving, decipheringand following saidinstructions for over a year.Today I, I believeI have gone too far.The- the device, the darkmatter receptor seemedto have briefly openedsome sort of, well,some sort of portalto another world,wh- wh- whether it'sa parallel dimension,extraterrestrialor something else.I do not know.I- I- I've been feeling tiredand not quite aslucid as I would like.My sense of time hasbecome chaotic at best.Worst of all, Debbie is missing.I think that's somethingor some things,beings came throughinto our world.There's something.Something evil here.- Hey.- Hey, I need torun out for a little bit.I'll be back later,but do me a favor.I found some stuff. Weird stuff.Just be careful inthe house, okay?- Yeah, okay.- Great.I'll see you later.- Casey Bradach?- Hi. Yeah. Dr. Lyman.- Your father wasmy closest mentor.So sorry to hearwhat happened to him.Thank you for meetingme on such short notice.We have plenty to discuss.- Um, anybody home?Oh, hello sir.- Bradach.- Do you have any ideawhat happened to him?I mean, did he mention anything?- No. No. Unfortunately wehadn't spoken for years.Well, the reason Iasked to meet you,I wanted to discuss thesymbols in your email.- Um, I can't quitesee you there.- I know, I'm not a bigfan of the damn sun.Are you Bradach?- Um no, sorry. Myname's Davis Mason.I'm here to talk about JesusChrist your Lord and Savior.- Have you ever heard ofthe Kola Superdeep Borehole?It's a Soviet drilling project,the Kola Peninsulasome 50 years back.The goal was to dig deeperthan had ever been dug before,but the locals, they calledit the "Well to Hell".Cause of all the screamsrising to the surface.You know the stuffof urban legend.- As you know, the end is near.The beam from the sky onthis side of the rapture.The book of Revelation suggests-- What do you knowabout the end?- Well, I know if you seeksalvation, we can help you.- They get five miles downand they discover dozens of2 billion year old fossils.Most of these aresingle celled organisms,the beginnings of life on earth.However, the rumor iswhen they got a littledeeper, they found more.Now these photos havebeen mostly discredited,but they got leakedand examined by some ofthe more eccentric membersof the scientific community.- Salvation? No.- Sir, if you just gimmea moment of your time-- My father referencedyou in the great filter.Why?- There's an expirationdate for every civilization,anywhere in the universe.It's my opinion thatit's the only explanationfor why we haven'tmade first contact yet.Your father did not quite agree.- You are right.The end is near.- Do you know how long theuniverse has been around for?14 billion years.And earth? Do you know howlong earth has existed?- 4.5 billion.- Correct? And humans-How long have we been around.- 200,000 Years.- And look at all we'veaccomplished in that time.Industrialization, space travel,and we are barelymore than a tiny specon our planet's history.We don't even knowif we're the firstcivilization here on earth.- Yourextinction is imminent.- So when you look atall we've accomplishedin such little time,how could it be possiblethat any civilizationfrom anywhere in the universe,haven't made first contact yet?- It's nothingto be scared of.- Because they'veall come to an end.- It's just the course.- Now, your father,he thought there wassomething we weren't seeing.Couldn't see.- Dark matter?- What else do youknow about the end Davis?- He thought if wecould see it, follow it,it would open a doorto understanding partsof the universe we'dnever even seen.Communicate with life formsacross vacuums of space and timethat had never been seriouslycontemplated before.- A- actually sir, I-I- I should be going.- Why? Ican't let you go.- He believed that firstcontact was the only wayto stop our own extinction date.- Sir, I- I-- So what happened to him?- That Miss Bradach is an answerI unfortunately do not have.- One last thing.Do you know who Debbie was?- Debbie.Debbie was your father's dogand he loved her very much.- So I think that dadwanted to use the virusin the thumb drive to make surethat we made firstcontact with the aliens.- Do we know that hewas like all there?- Seriously?- Yeah. Seriously.You don't understand.After the accident,I wasn't well.You know, one trigger andI would spiral for days.Now, what if it wasn'tjust the accident?What if it wassomething genetic?You know, now our dead dadand this virus istrying to kill us all.- No, look, I-I met this guy today. Hewas a friend of dad's.He said that thesymbols you did-- Casey stop. Please just stop.He's gone, okay? He is gone.- He's our dad.- No, he was yourdad. Hardly mine.And you're one to talk.The amount of timesthat I tried calling youto tell you what was going onor just to see howmy sister was doing.You're just like him.You can't stepaway for one secondto see what is rightin front of you.- I said I was sorry.- Casey. It doesn't matter.I barely knew him.And he barely knew me.All I want is to make sureI don't make the samefucking mistake with my son.- So do you want me togo in there with you or-- No, uh, no.I just need you to close byin case anything happens.- Copy that.- If you saw him, youwould know why you're here.- Are you sure you don't wantme to go in there with you?- No, I need to hear him out.- Refuse to acceptthat this is the end.Tonight bring this on us.I don't know. Theclock has been set.If my calculations are correct,Sunday, October 23rd at 6:32 AM,they see the signand they will come.We will survive.We will go on.- Casey?- Kevin?- Come down please.- Can we talk up here?I- I found the manyou were looking for.- My skin. It hurts.Thedown here feels nice.- Oh my God.- Tell me.- So your- your friendlived in a farmhouseat the edge of town.He's- he's dead, butI- I have the address.- Casey.- Bradach.- Casey.- Are you Bradach?- Where's Casey?- Casey is safe.She seems to be a much morewelcoming host than you.- Did you know our father?- I do.- Death is a construct.There is so much more beyonddeath than we can see.- Wh- I can't reallysee anything, babe.- Time is running out.It will be here soon.- What will be here soon?- The end.- What does that mean?Are you an alien?- No.- What are you.- Does this help?- Millions of yearsago we entities,evolved past our physicals formsand stored ourselvesout of time and space.- Entities?- Dark matter as you call it.- What happened Kevin?- Kevin, Kevin.- Your father, Bradachallowed us into your planet.- What do you mean, the end?- It came with us.- Back up.Shit.Back the fuck up.- It will take over.It wants our end andit will be yours.-Holy shit! Jesus Christ!- The aliens?- No. It will rise.- What are you?- How do we stop it?- I am the end.- A symbol of peace,then help will come from above.They are the only hope.- Who? Who?Casey.- Stop. Stop.- Why?- I'm sorry.- Thanks.- You don't remember anything?- I need to show you something.- Oh shit.- I think that dadopened a portalto an ancientextraterrestrial beingand that whoeverhe was talking toor whatever was talking throughme is trying to help us.- Then what the fuck is that?- Clearly the portallet something elsein, something evil.You said that it told you Iwas a better host than you.- Yeah.- It takes over living things.That's what that is.- But who? I mean for allwe know, dad was alone.- Debbie.- Who's Debbie?- In one of dad's video diaries,he said that Debbiehad gone missing.Debbie was his dog.- Oh. Okay.I just, I think Isaw Debbie here-What used to be Debbiein the woods earlier.- Oh.- Yeah.- Gross. There's more.- You're telling me that dadwas somehow communicating withthe civilization that was onearth millions of years ago,and that's what possessesme and then you,and they told him thattomorrow morning could be-- The great filter.- And that is?- Our extinction date.- We need to uploadthe virus, share it,stop us from attacking them.Then we need topower up the machine.That's the invitation.- Just think aboutit for a second.How do we know that wecan even trust this thing?I mean, what ifthis is just aliens,tricking us into layingdown and killing us all.Unfortunately Dr. Morie,we have to interrupt you.ACN has obtainedexclusive footagefrom a town in upstateNew York called Delhi.We'd like to warn our viewersthat this footage isextremely graphic.- Oh, Hey guys.It's Emily Black.I'm here with Wes.- What the fuck is that?- Um, all right, sowe're just taking a driveand I'm just gonnashow you, look at this.- Jen, I think weshould turn around.- I- No. We definitelycan't turn around.I have no idea what it is.I don't know if it's a manor if it's likean animal or like-- Hello?- Is it real?Okay. Just touch it.Oh my God.Oh my God.I have to...- Oh shit.- The UFOs we noticedsome three yearsbefore anybody else did.Got so focused ontrying to figure outwhat was happening out there.Nothing else mattered.I barely slept, barely ate.Just work.And after all that thesepast few days have shown methat I know nothing,except that I've beena terrible sister.I care about you Dan, so much.- You know I camehere looking forsome sort of normalcy,some stabilityto get away fromeverything from him.- He loved you Dan,more than you know.- Last night he was there.I felt in my heart and...- Dan you got to hearhis voice one last time.I think since I got here,that's all I'vebeen looking for.- Whatever that was, whateverit is, it killed him.Dad was a lot of things,but he was not a bad scientist.- So what do you wanna do?- Fuck it. Where do we start?- First things first,we need to finishputting this together.I think he wasalmost done with it.- All right. We'vegot about three hours.- Wait for the virus, doyou still have clearance?- Absolutely not.- Shit. What about Mikey?- I knew it, man.I told you. Didn't I tell you?Dude, check this out.Just yesterday Ioverheard Hernandezhitting on the new Sergeant.Yeah, dude wouldn't shut up.He, he was, he wasbragging about some,some fucking warhead stockpile.Dude, he said tomorrow,tomorrow Danny.This is all ournuclear war, man.We all gonna die.- So you'll help?- Fuck yeah I'llhelp. You kidding?Let's go.- Jesus.- All right, come on.- Wait, no. I gottafinish wiring it.- You'll be all right out here?- Where are you going?- Gotta make a call.Hey, this is Chloe.Please leave a messageand I'll call you back.Hey Chloe, it's me.I know it's late.I just wanted to tell you thatI miss you guys, both of you.And I want Benny to know that.And- and I hope he'shappy and excited.He knows how muchhe means to me.Tomorrow might be different.So just tell him I love him.- Hello?Dan.- Yeah.- Where are you?- I'm inside, why?What's wrong?- Something is out there.- Are you okay?- Yeah. Where'd he go?- Who cares? It's almost 6:30.- I got the logininfo from Mikey.I'm gonna make ahotspot from my phoneand upload thevirus from the barn.- Dan.- When it's timedetonate the machine.- Dan, I need to getout to the machine.- Wait till I get back.Come on, come on.- Bradach.- Casey if you can getthe power on, do it now.- Got it. You all right.- Yeah.- You really knownothing, do you?- I got an idea.What do you want?- I am here to ensure thenatural order, your extinction.It happens toevery civilization.And it will hurt.- What are you?- I am nothing but a messenger.- Dan, I got it.- There's no help.There's no one coming.- Casey, go. Fix the machine.- Are you allright? What's wrong?- You are alone.- Dan. Dan.- You will fight them.-And you will both lose.And you shall......all die.- Fuck that.- Dan what's goingon? Where are you?The hell Dan.Dan what's going on?Are you all right?Dan, come on.Dan!- You naive human being.- Get away from my sisteryou old son of a bitch.- Are you okay?- I've been better.- Can you fix it?- Yeah, I think so.- What is that?- I don't know.- Oh shit.It rises.- What do we do?- We get help.I can fix the machine,but the detonator's busted.There's another one in the barn.- I'll go.- Wait.- I love you.- I love you too.We got this.- Okay.- Communicating withanother world, another time,I've been able tobring out the best,to learn from them.It's also brought- Casey. Where is it?- Dan, It's almost time.- I know. Where is it?- There is no other detonator.- Butwhy does it seem.- I need to do it manually.- Casey, no.That in every world,there are those who want-who demand historyrepeat itself.- Casey don't.- He was there. Ifelt in my heart.- I can feel himtoo Dan, he's here.He's dark matter.They see the sign- Casey.And they will comeWe will survive.We will go on.- Dan you got to hearhis voice one last time.I think since I got here,that's all I'vebeen looking for.- Dad?- Casey.- Dr. Dominic,what happened this morning?- Around6:30 this morning,we experienced somephenomenal seismic activitythat resulted in aneruption into our atmospherethat painted the sky red.The redness was later dispelledby the arrivalblue energy sourcealso from upstate New York.At which point, theentire grid collapsed.What I can tell you isthat the full light forceof the Americanmilitary stands ready.- Canyou confirm or denythat our weaponsystems are still down?- Um, we'reslowly coming back to,but as you now know,let me be clear.This is the day wediscover we are not alone.Our future as humans may never-will never be the same.This is first contact.